E1 B C#m A
or alternativly C1 G A F

My life is brilliant, my love is pure. I saw an angel, of that I'm sure. (James Blunt - Your Beautiful)

Forever young I want to be forever young (Alphaville - Forever Young)

I won't hesitate no more, no more, It cannot wait, I'm Yours (Jason Mraz - I'm Yours)

This is the way you left me. I'm not pretending. No love no hope no glory, No happy ending. (Mika - happy Ending)

'Cause you were amazing. Oh we did amazing things.  (Alex Loyd - Amazing)

If I could, then I would. I'll go wherever you will go. (The Calling - Wherever you will go)

-- up

Can you feel the love tonight? (Elton John - Can you feel the love tonight)

And she will be loved. Yeah she will be loved. (Maroon 5 - She will be loved)

Pictures of you, pictures of me, Hung upon your wall for the world to see (The last goodnight - pictures of you)

Oh I can't live, with or without you. (U2 - With or without you)

Whenever I fall, at your feet. You let your tears... (Crowded House - Fall at your feet)

Am I not pretty enough? Is my heart too broken? (Kasey Chambers - not pretty enough)

-- double

When I find myself in times of trouble, Mother Mary comes to me. (The Beatles - Let it Be))

Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner. (Red Hot Chilli Peppers - under the bridge)

Thats the way it's gonna be, little darling, we go riding on the horses yeah yeah(Daryl Braithwaite - The horses)

No, woman, no cry (Bob Marley - No woman no cry)
   Yeah, Mama this surely is a dream (Marcy Playgroud - Sex and Candy)
      I come from a land down under (Men at work - Land down under)

Once a jolly swagman camped by a billabong. (Banjo Patterson Waltzing matilda)

Take on me (A Ha - Take on me) 
When I come around [Greenday - When I come around]
Take me on
Oh, When I come around
I'll be gone
In a day or two


--

Save tonight. and fight the break of dawn(Eagle Eye Chreey - Save tonight)
Its gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
Come tomorrow, Tomorrow I'll be gone			
Theres nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do(Toto - Africa)


If I were a boy (Beyonce - If I were a boy)
Oh no, she's playing with me
I think I could understand
Well that's ok, cos I got no self esteem (The Offspring - self esteem)
With a thousand lies, and a good disguise, hit 'em right between the eyes, hit 'em right between the eyes. (The offspring - You're gonna go far kid)
(Oh way ohh yeah)


Cos im not here for your entertainment, You dont really wanna mess with me tonight (Pink - U & Ur hand)


Can't read my, can't read my, No he can't read my poker face (Lady gaga - poker face)
Come on Barbie, let's go party! (Aqua - barbie girl)

Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me (The Fray - you found me)
She wants to touch me woooho, She wants to love me woooho, She'll never leave me woooho, oooh oooh ooh ooh (30h!3 - Don't trust me)

[kazoo] (MGMT - Kids)
Enjoy yourself, take only want you need from it

Take your canvas bags. (Tim Minchin - Canvas Bags)
Take your canvas bags.
Take your canvas bags to the supermarket.
Take your canvas bags.

Nothing's right I'm torn. (Naralie Imbruglia - Torn)
I'm all out of faith.
This is how I feel.
I'm cold and I am shamed.
Lying naked on the floor.
Illusion never changed into something real.
I'm wide awake and I can see

I'm more than a bird, I'm more than a plane (Five for fighting - Superman)
I'm a birdplane, I'm a birdplane, A mother fuckin' birdplane (Axis of awesome - Birdplane)

-- rock ending

Doesn't that sound familiar? (Missy Higgins - Scar)
Doesn't that hit too close to home?
Doesn't that make you shiver,
The way that things have gone?
And doesn't that seem peculiar,
'Cause everyone wants a little more?
It's something I do remember
to never go this far.
That's all it takes to be a star. 

